Adding MCM-TreeTraversal method to LQ, LK and LGPU (#1166)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane-lightning: .github/CHANGELOG.md

- Improve performance of computing expectation values of Pauli Sentences for `lightning.kokkos`.
  [(#1126)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane-lightning/pull/1126)

> - Adding support for mid-circuit measures with tree-traversal algorithm for for `lightning.qubit`, `lightning.kokkos` and `lightning.gpu`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add support for mid-circuit measures with tree-traversal algorithm for `lightning.qubit`, `lightning.kokkos` and `lightning.gpu`.
```

> - Add support for mid-circuit measures with tree-traversal algorithm for `lightning.qubit`, `lightning.kokkos` and `lightning.gpu`.
>   [(#1166)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane-lightning/pull/1166)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Mid-circuit measurements using the tree-traversal algorithm are now supported
  in the `lightning.qubit`, `lightning.kokkos` and `lightning.gpu` devices,
  providing both significant memory savings and sampling efficiency!
  [(#1166)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane-lightning/pull/1166)
```
